with matt stinchcomb at egleston
children hospital in the zone at
egleston tell us a little bit about the
zone and your involvement along with
your brother and hear how you got into
this just a little background yeah well
this is a great facility within a
hospital and the whole goal it seems
like any of the children's hospitals of
the three eggleston Scottish Rite huge
Spaulding they make it a point to try to
make the kids feel as if there's
somewhere other than a health care
facility so this is a great spot to deal
will do it and be able to be with these
kids that are fighting their fight
really fun really hard and some really
important battles and if you can come be
a little bit of a part of it and help
them and support them that's a that's a
great day and a good opportunity your
urine and John have been doing this I
think 10 years now this is the 10th year
yes city we've done it and you guys are
organized and and most David Green into
helping you out it's done well right it
has you know weird we are a very small
part of it we cooked it up ideal wise
but there are so many other people
including the charities themselves that
how the infrastructure really
all of it is it here today we can cook
up some great ideas we're not always
great at figuring out how to implement
America make sense and then the bigger
piece has been the fan support people
that I think recognize that there's
opportunities to impact others in some
big ways the guys are in the program now
to come players former players on the
Athletic Association has been great to
this causes well over it Georgia so it
really has been kind of a universal
effort which makes sense because to help
out kids has come to universal
demographic at one point in time we were
all the kid and many of us may have kids
of our own oh man so I think to have
that kind of effort from so many
different sources it makes a lot of
sense we're talking a few minutes ago
about the countdown to kickoff and what
a great opportunity it is to actually
get on the field that's what stadium
baby that's something that very few
people get to do well don't mind if you
get down there that's right a conference
doesn't mess around and make it very
clear middle you're not to be down that
unless you unless you're a player or a
coach it is it's a great opportunity and
we're really grateful that we get to
host this event in there oh there's
other visibly do there's a golf
tournament around this effort there's a
there's a party that we hosted the
College Football Hall of Fame those
jeans a partners across as well but the
big one is the fan festival in the state
and I mean really we do have just about
everything other than an opponent and
some officials we didn't think they were
necessary but you've got the team there
you've got the mascots there the
cheerleaders the band the dancers the
big screen is going to be lit up you've
really got the entire game day
atmosphere except you get to be on the
field and so it's a it's a unique
experience offense or
fans let's talk for just a second about
two thousand fifteen foot long so first
give us the record what to do in record
good based on our gambling piercing yeah
just kidding no two questions I guess
how many times have you been asked this
summer about the quarterback competition
this will be twice yeah right okay
here's the question who is it gonna be
you know I think that Linda being the
Ramsey kid but the truth is is that as
important to position as quarterback is
and there is no more important position
on the field anyway then that one was
the mothers that play key roles but you
can have the biggest impact at that
position on the prospects of a team
success that said you look at this team
and the way that it's constructed going
into the season knowing what you have in
the offensive backfield at positions
other than the quarterback spot and
knowing what you have a front from the
office of on perspective there's
opportunity for order back to be
somewhat marginalized Frank the range
eek it seems to have a lot of skills but
i think that the fundamental
characteristic that they're going to
want to capture is decision making and
coaches have expressed that Kershaw
Auburn coach Rick they're going to
really emphasize in their evaluation
what types of decisions are being made
with the guy who's really the convoy the
entire office
and that's the quarterbacks part so I
think if if price range he does a good
job back he's got a great shot that said
so tone balta has demonstrated that he's
not only got a roof rat good grasp of
what they're trying to do offensively
he's got a lot of the tangibles that you
hear thrown around a lot of times people
say that just as a throwaway no I think
it's genuine with him and that he's got
a lot of leadership characteristics this
tremendous effort has a nice run element
to his game I don't know that you see
the ton of ground if it ends up being
about but if you had to just throw
something out there before they even
started practicing I think that Ramsey
would probably the leader in the
clubhouse thank you very much yeah